okay and what we're going to do now is
we're going to look at the the next
short tutorial here again using some
other features of the core animation
utilities here so we can see again we're
going to come back and we can see and
we've got you know your touch is a
delegate here your application delegate
and you can see again we've got the the
UI window in the main view windows the
same as before again we come in and
we've got our window set up here we come
in specifically here what we're going to
want to do is go ahead and basically set
it the same thing so we want to set up a
uiimageview in this case so we'll need
one of them in and it's timer again and
what we're going to do here is go in and
see what specifically we want to have
done and let's run this program real
quick and you can see we're going to do
basically we've got a quick animation of
the rotating of a of a cylinder so it's
pretty simple basically when you click
on it responds and it goes head and it
runs an animation where it rotates and
coordination is good for us because it
does a lot of the work for us as far as
stringing these images together so if
you come in here and you look under our
resources of our images you can see
we've got eight specific images that
will play through here and let's go
ahead and see how we do that so again
we're going to implement the main view
we're going to synthesize one image in
this case a tick view which is a holder
image and if we go ahead here and set up
that image again we've got a uiimageview
we're going to call this image view one
and uiimageview a lock-in it with frame
cgrectmake and again we're going to set
its location and its size so the first
two parameters are for the location the
second tour for the size
and we got that image v1 image equals
uiimageview image name in this case
we're calling sill 1.png and we're going
to set the self dot tick view to the
image v1 and that tick view we're going
to make sure that it's we can we can
interact with it via the touches so
we're going to set user interaction and
able to yes triptych view we're going to
image view one release for memory
purposes and we're going to add that
tick view to the sub view and so here we
go we're going to come into the touches
screen and what we've got here again is
a a UI touch named touch equals an event
all touches any object so if the touch
of u equals tick view we're going to
come in so if the touch is on that tick
view which is the the picture and what
we're going to have is a UI image view
view 1 equals um is you unlock and it
with frame cg rocked again we're going
to put be this this sequence of images
in the same position in the same
dimension as we did our our main image
and we're going to set up the sequence
here and it's going to be view 1 dot
animate images equals this NS array
array with objects and we're going to
set in these images and we're going to
be UI image image name so two dot PNG so
three four five six seven and eight and
basically or induce view animation
duration equals point seven five so
basically what we're going to do here is
we're going to execute in a three
quarters of a second and we want to
repeat count one you know with once
orden have to do one time through you
can have this repeat as many times as
you want or go on and repeat forever if
you'd like view one that start animating
basically we will add animation features
witness you can see it so self dot add
sub view one and then we want to release
that so it'll run so be warned release
and basically what that will do is it
will run through once and then what
we're going to want to do is if we were
to
to not run this animation timer here so
let's go and do it when we run this this
timer and if we run it through it cycles
through if we were to take this this
timer out and let's go ahead and remove
this timer so that it doesn't factor in
if we were go ahead and do that and
we'll save that what we would see is
that
is that it would get jumpy when we
clicked on it and see how we can we can
double click on the icon however if we
go ahead and set that timer up there
what we do
as you can't multiple click on it it
basically locks it out so that it's not
being interacted with and if you notice
the the timer here is set so that it
inactivates the the object on touch and
then brings the tick of you back to the
front so basically what we're doing is
we're we're sending the tick you to the
back and then bringing it back to the
front so it can be so it can be
activated in dealt with and that's how
you get your animation loop so that's
the basic general idea behind the simple
animation here and you can go ahead and
do a bunch of different animations in
there if you would if you would it's
creative as you can get so there you go
that's basically that and you can head
to the website and download these and
use them as you as you see fit and if
again if you have any questions or
concerns about them go ahead and send us
an email and we will do our best to get
the answers for you and if you have any
any requests for any other types of of
tutorials go ahead and send those over
these are really very very basic and we
can definitely get a lot more in depth
but looking through for a lot of the
beginners who are trying to get involved
these are the things that aren't
necessarily explained as well and a lot
let you know allow you to have quite a
bit of fun fairly quickly with the SDK
which is sort of the nice feature about
it so let us know and we hoped you
enjoyed